>> Bianca Gandolfo: So divide and
conquer, the idea of divide and
conquer is it's a recursive algorithm.
We're always going to be
working on sub problems.
And so the divide part is we
break it down in each call,
and the conquer part is we're
gonna do work on each subset.
So whether that work means
that we are going to be
searching for something,
searching for a match or
getting it into a correct order for doing
sorts, which we'll talk about in a bit.
And then there's the combine step,
which depending on the divide and
conquer algorithm, the combine step
can look a few different ways.
Emerge sort,
the combine step is really clear, whereas,
in something like binary search,
the combine step is kind of skipped.
It's not really a crucial
part of the algorithm.